This is a "reading quiz" (as are other assignments of the form
xx_xxx_rq). You should read Appendices A, B.1-B.5, B.12, and C.1-C.3,
watch the videos in it, and make sure you understand the material in
it (which may require re-reading all or part of it, asking questions,
etc.), BEFORE attempting this quiz. This quiz will check your basic
understanding of the material before you move on to other, more
in-depth exercises. 

Note that you should NOT do these quizzes by flipping through the book
to find the answers. You should read the chapter and engage with the
material until you think you understand it. Then you should do these
quizzes to check your basic understanding without referring to the
book. 

For this quiz (and others), place your answers to the following
questions in a file called "answers.txt". You should put one answer
per line and can just list the letter. You may put a number before it
if you want--the grader will look at the first letter of each line as
your answers. When you are done, add, commit, and push the file with
git before running "grade 001_app_rq". (Note: you can actually just
run "grade" with no arguments if you are in the directory for the
assignment you want to grade.)

1.  What is the benefit of learning to use expert tools?
    A.  They are easy to use.
    B.  They often provide a graphical interface.
    C.  At time 0, they are difficult to use.
    D.  With time and effort, you can do more than with novice tools.

2.  In UNIX, what does the ~ symbol mean?
    A.  The current directory
    B.  The parent directory
    C.  The user's home directory
    D.  The end of prompt

3.  How would you access the manual page for the C library function
    printf?
    A.  man printf
    B.  man -S3 printf
    C.  help printf
    D.  man -c printf

4.  In your home directory (say your netID is gml8), you have a
    directory named "practice" and two directories inside named "dir1"
    and "dir2". Your current working directory is
    /home/gml8/practice/dir1. Which one of the following uses a
    relative path to change to dir2? 
    A.  cd ~/practice/dir2
    B.  cd /home/gml8/practice/dir2
    C.  cd ../dir2
    D.  cd dir2

5.  On a UNIX system, all of the following are ways to view a file
    myfile.txt EXCEPT: 
    A.  open myfile.txt
    B.  less myfile.txt
    C.  cat myfile.txt
    D.  head myfile.txt

6.  Assuming the same directories exist as in question 4, with your
    current working directory ~/practice/dir1, how would you copy the
    file code.c from dir2 to dir1, renaming it mycode.c?
    A.  cp ./mycode.c ../dir2/code.c 
    B.  cp ../dir2/code.c ./mycode.c
    C.  mv ./mycode.c ../dir2/code.c 
    D.  mv ../dir2/code.c ./mycode.c

7.  When you "ssh into" our course server using an SSH client on your
    computer, which of the following activities are encrypted?
    A.  You log in with your username and password
    B.  You type a command to send to the server
    C.  The server sends the output back to you
    D.  All of the above

8.  What is the key advantage of a programmer's editor such as Emacs
    or Vim?
    A.  They have dropdown menus with useful shortcuts.
    B.  They allow you to stay "in the zone" without your hands
        leaving the keyboard.
    C.  They have features such as syntax highlighting and automatic
        indentation.
    D.  They provide a graphical display of your variables and their
        values.

9.  What does Emacs call "an open file"?
    A.  buffer
    B.  window
    C.  document
    D.  stream

10. Say you have opened this README in Emacs, how would you open a new
    file named "answers.txt"?
    A.  C-z
    B.  C-x C-c
    C.  C-x C-f answers.txt
    D.  M-x revert-buffer
